Give a list of working projects to checkout (#10750)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/plugins/creation/index.mdx

### Plugin Development Tips and FAQs

#### Working Examples

> Here's a non exaustive list of Packer plugins that you can checkout:

Reviewer: grammar-nit. 

```suggestion
Here's a non exaustive list of Packer plugins that you can check out:
```
